README

The program in this files are different add-ons for ANKI, which is a SRS software ( http://ankisrs.net/ ).

INSTALLING

Put the file in questions in the anki add-on folder (Anki/addons).
DELETING DECKS CONFIGURATIONS

This one provides a quick way to delete all the deck configurations that are currentlly not in use.

ENGLISH WORD LOOKUP

This one is for looking up definitions of the English words. It looks up the word in one field and puts the definition in another field. Work with words only.

The words-lookup.py file tell the program which field to check for word (line 12) and where to put the definition (line 14). 

When in Anki, open the Browse window. Highlight the cards that you want to check. Under menu Edit, there is a button generate meaning. Click it. If the word was in the dictionary, the definition is posted in appropriate field.

In order for it to work, there needs to be a dictionary.json file somewhere on the disk. In the file, on line 16, write in the location of the dictionary.json file.

The program is using the json version of Webster's Unabridged English Dictionary. The project dealing with this can be found on https://github.com/adambom/dictionary

WORDS HIGHLIGHTER

This one is for highlighting the words. It checks the words in the external file, and changes their color.

In the Anki card browser, under the menu, there is a highlight words button (Edit > Highlight words). Pick the cards, that you want to change, and click on the button.

In the addon file, you can change which field get checked, by changing the onlyFields variable. If you want only the Front field to get checked, and the rest of them to be left alone, then change the line to onlyFields = ["Front"]. The default (empty) means that all the fields get changed.

For it to work, you need an additional csv file named words-highlighting.csv. This is the list of all the words that will change color. It format is word (lowercase) + tab + color (word or HEX).

Example:
anki	red
knowledge	blue
SRS	red

LICENCE

This scripts are unlicensed (the licence found on http://unlicense.org/ ), except the dictionary.json file, which is licenced under the MIT licence (originally found on: https://github.com/adambom/dictionary ).

CONTACT

For any questions, complains or comments, you can reach me on sarajaksa@gmail.com .
